39908 : Add OpenId documentation (#257)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/OAuthIntegration.rst

    Starting from 4.3 version, eXo Platform allows users to log in using 
    their social network accounts, including Facebook, Google+, Twitter, 
    LinkedIn.
    Starting from 6.0 version, you can use an OpenId integration, which is

>     based on OAuth procole.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    based on OAuth protocol.
```

|image13|

OpenId
~~~~~~~~

> The OpenId configuration will depends about which implementation you use, but the steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenId configuration depends on which implementation you use, but the steps
```

> are quite same as for previous vendors :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are similar :
```

> You have to create an appliation, provide Authorized Redirect URI, which is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have to create an application, provide Authorized Redirect URI, which is
```

http://server.local.network.com:8080/portal/openidAuth

> Then, you will be able to collect a client ID, and a client secret, that will be needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, you will be able to obtain a client ID, and a client secret from the openID provider
```

> to configure exo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

   -  ``exo.oauth.{OAuth_Provider}.clientSecret`` - Client Secret of your
      application.

For OpenId, you need to add 4 more properties which are urls which will be called during the protocol execution.

> Theses urls are implicit in other providers, but as OpenId can be implemented by different ways, we have to provide urls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Theses urls are implicit in other providers, but as OpenId can be implemented in different ways, we have to provide urls.
```
